mapmyindia-maps-auto-suggest-api-example/Readme.md, before:

﻿# Autosuggest API

**Easy To Integrate Maps & Location APIs & SDKs For Web & Mobile Applications**

Powered with India's most comprehensive and robust mapping functionalities.
**Now Available**  for Srilanka, Nepal, Bhutan and Bangladesh

**Full documentation available here**: [https://www.mapmyindia.com/api/advanced-maps/doc/autosuggest-api](https://www.mapmyindia.com/api/advanced-maps/doc/autosuggest-api). 
You can get your api key to be used in this document here: [https://www.mapmyindia.com/api/signup](https://www.mapmyindia.com/api/signup)

## Introduction
The Autosuggest API helps users to complete queries faster by adding intelligent search capabilities to your web or mobile app. This API returns a list of results as well as suggested queries as the user types in the search field.

## Live Demo

[Click here to visit live demonstration page](https://www.mapmyindia.com/api/advanced-maps/doc/sample/mapmyindia-maps-auto-suggest-api-example.php)

## Security Type
This APIs follow OAuth2 based security. **To know more on how to create your authorization tokens, please use our authorization token URL. More details available**  [here](https://www.mapmyindia.com/api/advanced-maps/doc/authentication-api.php)

## Request Headers

The API leverages OAuth 2.0 based security. Hence, the developer would need to send a request for access token using their client_id and client_secret to the OAuth API. Once validated from the OAuth API, the access_token and the token_type need to be sent as Authorization header with the value: “{token_type} {access_token}”.

-  `Authorization:  “token_type access_token”`.

## Input Method
GET

## Input URL

[https://atlas.mapmyindia.com/api/places/search/json?](https://atlas.mapmyindia.com/api/places/search/json?)

## Response Type

JSON


## Request Parameters
The “**bold**” one’s are mandatory, and the “*italic*” one’s are optional.

1. Mandatory Parameters:
	- **`query`***  (string) e.g. Shoes, Coffee, Versace, Gucci, H&M, Adidas, Starbucks, B130 {POI, House Number, keyword, tag}
2.  Optional Parameters:
	- *`location`*  {string (latitude[double],longitude[double])} e.g. `location=28.454,77.435`. Location is required to get location bias autosuggest results.
	- *`zoom`*  (double): takes the zoom level of the current scope of the map (min: 4, max: 18).
	- *`region`* (string): it takes in the country code. LKA, IND, BTN, BGD, NPL for Sri-Lanka, India, Bhutan, Bangladesh, Nepal respectively. Default is India (IND)
	- *`tokenizeAddress`* (valueless) provides the different address attributes in a structured object.
	- *`pod`*  (string) = it takes in the place type code which helps in restricting the results to certain chosen type.  
    Below mentioned are the codes for the pod -
	    -  *`SLC`*: Sublocality
	    - *`LC`*: Locality
	    - *`CITY`*: City
	    - *`VLG`*: Village
	    - *`SDIST`*: Subdistrict
	    - *`DIST`*: District
	    - *`STATE`*: State
	    - *`SSLC`*: Subsublocality
    - *`filter`*  = this parameter helps you restrict the result either by mentioning a bounded area or to certain eloc (6 digit code to any poi, locality, city, etc.), below mentioned are the both types -  
	    - *`filter = bounds: lat1, lng1; lat2, lng2`* (latitude, longitude) 
	    {e.g. `filter=bounds: 28.598882, 77.212407; 28.467375, 77.353513`}
	    - *`filter  = cop: {eloc}`* (string) 
	    {e.g. `filter=cop:YMCZ0J`}


## Sample Input

https://atlas.mapmyindia.com/api/places/search/json?query=mmi000

For more details, please visit our full documentation.

For any queries and support, please contact: 

![Email](https://www.google.com/a/cpanel/mapmyindia.co.in/images/logo.gif?service=google_gsuite) 
Email us at [apisupport@mapmyindia.com](mailto:apisupport@mapmyindia.com)

![](https://www.mapmyindia.com/api/img/icons/stack-overflow.png)
[Stack Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/mapmyindia-api)
Ask a question under the mapmyindia-api

![](https://www.mapmyindia.com/api/img/icons/support.png)
[Support](https://www.mapmyindia.com/api/index.php#f_cont)
Need support? contact us!

![](https://www.mapmyindia.com/api/img/icons/blog.png)
[Blog](http://www.mapmyindia.com/blog/)
Read about the latest updates & customer stories


> © Copyright 2019. CE Info Systems Pvt. Ltd. All Rights Reserved. | [Terms & Conditions](http://www.mapmyindia.com/api/terms-&-conditions)
>  Written with [StackEdit](https://stackedit.io/) by MapmyIndia.

Commit message:

Hindi Language Support
Now Autosuggest API comes with HIndi Language support along with the new filter of pincode added in the API

mapmyindia-maps-auto-suggest-api-example/Readme.md, after:

﻿# Autosuggest API

**Easy To Integrate Maps & Location APIs & SDKs For Web & Mobile Applications**

Powered with India's most comprehensive and robust mapping functionalities.
**Now Available**  for Srilanka, Nepal, Bhutan and Bangladesh

**Full documentation available here**: [https://www.mapmyindia.com/api/advanced-maps/doc/autosuggest-api](https://www.mapmyindia.com/api/advanced-maps/doc/autosuggest-api). 
You can get your api key to be used in this document here: [https://www.mapmyindia.com/api/signup](https://www.mapmyindia.com/api/signup)

## Introduction
The Autosuggest API helps users to complete queries faster by adding intelligent search capabilities to your web or mobile app. This API returns a list of results as well as suggested queries as the user types in the search field. This API also supports hindi language. If a user enters query in hindi language he will get results in hindi.

## Live Demo

[Click here to visit live demonstration page](https://www.mapmyindia.com/api/advanced-maps/doc/sample/mapmyindia-maps-auto-suggest-api-example.php)

## Security Type
This APIs follow OAuth2 based security. **To know more on how to create your authorization tokens, please use our authorization token URL. More details available**  [here](https://www.mapmyindia.com/api/advanced-maps/doc/authentication-api.php)

## Request Headers

The API leverages OAuth 2.0 based security. Hence, the developer would need to send a request for access token using their client_id and client_secret to the OAuth API. Once validated from the OAuth API, the access_token and the token_type need to be sent as Authorization header with the value: “{token_type} {access_token}”.

-  `Authorization:  “token_type access_token”`.

## Input Method
GET

## Input URL

[https://atlas.mapmyindia.com/api/places/search/json?](https://atlas.mapmyindia.com/api/places/search/json?)

## Response Type

JSON


## Request Parameters
The “**bold**” one’s are mandatory, and the “*italic*” one’s are optional.

1. Mandatory Parameters:
	- **`query`***  (string) e.g. Shoes, Coffee, Versace, Gucci, H&M, Adidas, Starbucks, B130, नई दिल्ली {POI, House Number, keyword, tag, place}
2.  Optional Parameters:
	- *`location`*  {string (latitude[double],longitude[double])} e.g. `location=28.454,77.435`. Location is required to get location bias autosuggest results.
	- *`zoom`*  (double): takes the zoom level of the current scope of the map (min: 4, max: 18).
	- *`region`* (string): it takes in the country code. LKA, IND, BTN, BGD, NPL for Sri-Lanka, India, Bhutan, Bangladesh, Nepal respectively. Default is India (IND)
	- *`tokenizeAddress`* (valueless) provides the different address attributes in a structured object.
	- *`pod`*  (string) = it takes in the place type code which helps in restricting the results to certain chosen type.  
    Below mentioned are the codes for the pod -
	    -  *`SLC`*: Sublocality
	    - *`LC`*: Locality
	    - *`CITY`*: City
	    - *`VLG`*: Village
	    - *`SDIST`*: Subdistrict
	    - *`DIST`*: District
	    - *`STATE`*: State
	    - *`SSLC`*: Subsublocality
    - *`filter`*  = this parameter helps you restrict the result either by mentioning a bounded area or to certain eloc (6 digit code to any poi, locality, city, etc.), below mentioned are the both types -  
	    - *`filter = pin: It takes pincode/postal code of an area`* `{e.g. filter=pin:110055}`
	    - *`filter = bounds: lat1, lng1; lat2, lng2`* `(latitude, longitude) 
	    {e.g. filter=bounds: 28.598882, 77.212407; 28.467375, 77.353513`}
	    - *`filter  = cop: {eloc}`* (string) 
	    {e.g. `filter=cop:YMCZ0J`}


## Sample Input

https://atlas.mapmyindia.com/api/places/search/json?query=mmi000

For more details, please visit our full documentation.

For any queries and support, please contact: 

![Email](https://www.google.com/a/cpanel/mapmyindia.co.in/images/logo.gif?service=google_gsuite) 
Email us at [apisupport@mapmyindia.com](mailto:apisupport@mapmyindia.com)

![](https://www.mapmyindia.com/api/img/icons/stack-overflow.png)
[Stack Overflow](https://stackoverflow.com/questions/tagged/mapmyindia-api)
Ask a question under the mapmyindia-api

![](https://www.mapmyindia.com/api/img/icons/support.png)
[Support](https://www.mapmyindia.com/api/index.php#f_cont)
Need support? contact us!

![](https://www.mapmyindia.com/api/img/icons/blog.png)
[Blog](http://www.mapmyindia.com/blog/)
Read about the latest updates & customer stories


> © Copyright 2019. CE Info Systems Pvt. Ltd. All Rights Reserved. | [Terms & Conditions](http://www.mapmyindia.com/api/terms-&-conditions)
>  Written with [StackEdit](https://stackedit.io/) by MapmyIndia.
